HexOrientation as value (#95)
ManevilleF/hexx: CHANGELOG.md

* Added `UvOptions` for both planet and column mesh builder (#93):
  * `mesh_builder` example now uses a checker texture and showcases uv options
  * `ColumnMeshBuilder` has uv options for cap and side faces

> * (**BREAKING**) All functions taking a `HexOrientation` parameter no longer
> take a borrow (`&HexOrientation`) but a value (#95)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (**BREAKING**) All functions that previously required a borrowed `&HexOrientation` 
now take an owned `HexOrientation` as the type is now `Copy` (#95)
```
